When developing applications and providing services to our users or customers,
we are in a shared responsibility model with AWS,
and that is what this diagram shows.
AWS is responsible for security of the Cloud.
We are responsible for security in the Cloud.
So for example, what that means,
AWS provides us the security tools to protect our data but
we retain control of what security tools we choose to implement to protect our systems.
The orange portion of this diagram shows what AWS is responsible for,
things like hardware, things like database,
storage, regions, availability zones.
In the blue portion,
this shows what customers are responsible for.
So things like our customer data,
the firewall configuration, server-side encryption, etc.
So when we think about who is responsible for what,
we are responsible for security in the Cloud while AWS
provides us the tools that we need in order to secure our systems.